README.md, before:

# Content Repository

This content repository allows easy content management via a headless CMS, using [wagtail](https://wagtail.io/) that is meant for web and various messaging platforms.

## Features

- **Multi-channel support:** Currently supports Web, WhatsApp, Messenger, and Viber.
- **Ordered content sets:** You can take individual pieces of content and group them in a set, in a specific order. They can also be restricted to users with specific profile field values.
- **Stage based messaging:** Ordered content sets can be expanded to include a relative time (eg. 23 days before x), to create a timing-based push-message journey.
- **Import and export:** Content and ordered content sets can be exported and imported in CSV and Excel formats
- **Page views:** Content page views for each channel can be stored, with reporting in the admin UI. Custom fields for each page view can also be stored (eg. user ID)
- **Rich media support:** Can store images for Messenger and Viber, and images, documents, audio and video for WhatsApp.
- **Custom branding:** Can configure the title, login and welcome messages, logo, and favicon for the content admin UI
- **Variation messaging:** Support for variations on WhatsApp messages for different user profiles fields: age, gender, and relationship status.
- **Content tree:** Content is stored in a tree format, allowing arbitrary-depth nested menu structures
- **Tags:** Content can be tagged to group certain kinds of content together
- **Triggers:** Triggers can be added to content, to specify custom triggers for when a piece of content should be sent
- **Quick replies:** A list of quick replies/buttons can be added to the content
- **Related pages:** Each piece of content can be linked to other content pages that are related to it, that can be suggested to users.
- **WhatsApp templates:** WhatsApp template messages can be stored, with the option of also submitting them to the WhatsApp Business API for approval
- **Page ratings:** Content pages can be rated by the user as helpful or not helpful, with text comments.
- **API authentication:** The API requires authentication to access. This can be through an authentication token, basic authentication, or session cookie.
- **Suggested content:** Return a random sample of child pages from a supplied list of parent pages.
- **Search:** Find content pages through a search query.
- **Internationalisation:** Content can be translated into different locales.
- **Reports:** Reports on page views, to see how well a content page is doing, and stale content, to see which content needs to be updated.
- **Workflow management:** Can create or modify content in a draft state; comment, collaborate, and refine it; and define a workflow for how the changes can make their way into being published.


## Releases
The current LTS release is: 1.0

[Semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) is in use in this project.
1. Feature releases
    - Feature releases are a MAJOR.MINOR combination, eg. `1.2`
    - Feature releases occur once every 3 months, but only if required. eg. If there were only patch releases in the last 3 months, no feature release will occur.
    - The latest feature release will receive any security or bug fixes as patch releases
    - Each feature release will have a separate git branch
1. Patch releases
    - Patch releases are used to fix bugs and security issues
    - They are released as soon as they are ready
1. LTS (Long-Term Support) Releases
    - Every fourth release is an LTS release
    - LTS releases are listed in the documentation
    - LTS releases receive security patches
    - LTS releases are supported for 5 feature releases, allowing for 15 months of support with a 3 month switchover time to the next LTS
1. Development releases
    - Development have the `-dev.N` suffix
    - They are used to test new code before an official release is made
    - They are built off of the `main` git branch

## Setting up locally

### Redis

For Linux and WSL2 (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
 Creating a docker container with the ports exposed, called `cr_redis`
`docker run -d -p 6379:6379 --name cr_redis redis`

To then run the docker container,
`docker run cr_redis`

This can work for mac and (possibly Windows) by setting the environment variable `DATABASE_URL=postgres://postgres@0.0.0.0/contentrepo`

### Postgres

For Linux and WSL2 (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
Creating a docker container that doesnt require a password and matches the setup of the database in settings
`docker run --name cr_postgres -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_HOST_AUTH_METHOD=trust -e POSTGRES_USER=postgres -e POSTGRES_DB=contentrepo -d postgres:latest`

To then run the docker container,
`docker run cr_postgres`

This can work for mac and (possibly Windows) by setting the environment variable `DATABASE_URL=postgres://postgres@0.0.0.0/contentrepo`

### Wagtail server

Run the following in a virtual environment
```bash
pip install -e .[dev]
createdb contentrepo
./manage.py migrate
./manage.py createsuperuser
./manage.py runserver
```

## API
The API documentation is available at the `/api/schema/swagger-ui/` endpoint.

### Authentication
Authentication is required to access the API. Session, basic, and token authentication is supported, but token authentication is advised.

To create an authentication token, you can do so via the Django Admin (available at the `/django-admin` endpoint), or by `POST`ing the username and password of the user you want to generate a token for to the `/api/v2/token/` endpoint.

## Running in Production
There is a [docker image](https://github.com/praekeltfoundation/contentrepo/pkgs/container/contentrepo) that can be used to easily run this service. It uses the following environment variables for configuration:

| Variable      | Description |
| ----------    | ----------- |
| SECRET_KEY    | The django secret key, set to a long, random sequence of characters |
| DATABASE_URL  | Where to find the database. Set to `postgresql://host:port/db` for a postgresql database |
| ALLOWED_HOSTS | Comma separated list of hostnames for this service, eg. `host1.example.org,host2.example.org` |
| CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS | A list of trusted origins for unsafe requests  |
| REDIS_LOCATION | Where to find redis, format: redis://host:post/db |
| SENTRY_DSN | Where to send exceptions to |
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID | Specifies an AWS access key associated with an IAM account |
| AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | Specifies the secret key associated with the access key. This is essentially the "password" for the access key |
| AWS_S3_REGION_NAME | Name of the AWS S3 region to use (eg. eu-west-1). |
| AWS_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME | The name of the S3 bucket that will host the files. |
| WHATSAPP_CREATE_TEMPLATES | Should contentrepo submit templates to WhatsApp for creation. True/False |
| WHATSAPP_API_URL | WhatsApp API URL |
| WHATSAPP_ACCESS_TOKEN | WhatsApp API Token |
| FB_BUSINESS_ID | Business ID for Meta business manager |

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Remove cache from list endpoints.
This cache was causing issues with the list endpoints being out of date,
since it was set with a very long TTL.

There's no way to invalidate this cache on changes, since the key is
derived from query string parameters, and Accept and Cookie headers in the
request.

If it's needed in the future, we will add it back, either with a very
short timeout, or a more direct cache that will cache only the things we
need, with cache keys that we can delete on changes.

README.md, after:

# Content Repository

This content repository allows easy content management via a headless CMS, using [wagtail](https://wagtail.io/) that is meant for web and various messaging platforms.

## Features

- **Multi-channel support:** Currently supports Web, WhatsApp, Messenger, and Viber.
- **Ordered content sets:** You can take individual pieces of content and group them in a set, in a specific order. They can also be restricted to users with specific profile field values.
- **Stage based messaging:** Ordered content sets can be expanded to include a relative time (eg. 23 days before x), to create a timing-based push-message journey.
- **Import and export:** Content and ordered content sets can be exported and imported in CSV and Excel formats
- **Page views:** Content page views for each channel can be stored, with reporting in the admin UI. Custom fields for each page view can also be stored (eg. user ID)
- **Rich media support:** Can store images for Messenger and Viber, and images, documents, audio and video for WhatsApp.
- **Custom branding:** Can configure the title, login and welcome messages, logo, and favicon for the content admin UI
- **Variation messaging:** Support for variations on WhatsApp messages for different user profiles fields: age, gender, and relationship status.
- **Content tree:** Content is stored in a tree format, allowing arbitrary-depth nested menu structures
- **Tags:** Content can be tagged to group certain kinds of content together
- **Triggers:** Triggers can be added to content, to specify custom triggers for when a piece of content should be sent
- **Quick replies:** A list of quick replies/buttons can be added to the content
- **Related pages:** Each piece of content can be linked to other content pages that are related to it, that can be suggested to users.
- **WhatsApp templates:** WhatsApp template messages can be stored, with the option of also submitting them to the WhatsApp Business API for approval
- **Page ratings:** Content pages can be rated by the user as helpful or not helpful, with text comments.
- **API authentication:** The API requires authentication to access. This can be through an authentication token, basic authentication, or session cookie.
- **Suggested content:** Return a random sample of child pages from a supplied list of parent pages.
- **Search:** Find content pages through a search query.
- **Internationalisation:** Content can be translated into different locales.
- **Reports:** Reports on page views, to see how well a content page is doing, and stale content, to see which content needs to be updated.
- **Workflow management:** Can create or modify content in a draft state; comment, collaborate, and refine it; and define a workflow for how the changes can make their way into being published.


## Releases
The current LTS release is: 1.0

[Semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) is in use in this project.
1. Feature releases
    - Feature releases are a MAJOR.MINOR combination, eg. `1.2`
    - Feature releases occur once every 3 months, but only if required. eg. If there were only patch releases in the last 3 months, no feature release will occur.
    - The latest feature release will receive any security or bug fixes as patch releases
    - Each feature release will have a separate git branch
1. Patch releases
    - Patch releases are used to fix bugs and security issues
    - They are released as soon as they are ready
1. LTS (Long-Term Support) Releases
    - Every fourth release is an LTS release
    - LTS releases are listed in the documentation
    - LTS releases receive security patches
    - LTS releases are supported for 5 feature releases, allowing for 15 months of support with a 3 month switchover time to the next LTS
1. Development releases
    - Development have the `-dev.N` suffix
    - They are used to test new code before an official release is made
    - They are built off of the `main` git branch

## Setting up locally

### Redis

For development environments, Redis is optional, it will use an in-memory cache by
default if the environment variable isn't specified.

For Linux and WSL2 (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
 Creating a docker container with the ports exposed, called `cr_redis`
`docker run -d -p 6379:6379 --name cr_redis redis`

To then run the docker container,
`docker run cr_redis`

This can work for mac and (possibly Windows) by setting the environment variable `CACHE=redis://0.0.0.0:6379/0`

### Postgres

For Linux and WSL2 (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
Creating a docker container that doesnt require a password and matches the setup of the database in settings
`docker run --name cr_postgres -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_HOST_AUTH_METHOD=trust -e POSTGRES_USER=postgres -e POSTGRES_DB=contentrepo -d postgres:latest`

To then run the docker container,
`docker run cr_postgres`

This can work for mac and (possibly Windows) by setting the environment variable `DATABASE_URL=postgres://postgres@0.0.0.0/contentrepo`

### Wagtail server

Run the following in a virtual environment
```bash
pip install -e .[dev]
createdb contentrepo
./manage.py migrate
./manage.py createsuperuser
./manage.py runserver
```

## API
The API documentation is available at the `/api/schema/swagger-ui/` endpoint.

### Authentication
Authentication is required to access the API. Session, basic, and token authentication is supported, but token authentication is advised.

To create an authentication token, you can do so via the Django Admin (available at the `/django-admin` endpoint), or by `POST`ing the username and password of the user you want to generate a token for to the `/api/v2/token/` endpoint.

## Running in Production
There is a [docker image](https://github.com/praekeltfoundation/contentrepo/pkgs/container/contentrepo) that can be used to easily run this service. It uses the following environment variables for configuration:

| Variable      | Description |
| ----------    | ----------- |
| SECRET_KEY    | The django secret key, set to a long, random sequence of characters |
| DATABASE_URL  | Where to find the database. Set to `postgresql://host:port/db` for a postgresql database |
| ALLOWED_HOSTS | Comma separated list of hostnames for this service, eg. `host1.example.org,host2.example.org` |
| CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS | A list of trusted origins for unsafe requests  |
| CACHE_URL | Where to find the cache backend, format: redis://host:post/db . See [the django-environ docs](https://django-environ.readthedocs.io/en/latest/types.html#environ-env-cache-url) for more cache backends. |
| SENTRY_DSN | Where to send exceptions to |
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID | Specifies an AWS access key associated with an IAM account |
| AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | Specifies the secret key associated with the access key. This is essentially the "password" for the access key |
| AWS_S3_REGION_NAME | Name of the AWS S3 region to use (eg. eu-west-1). |
| AWS_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME | The name of the S3 bucket that will host the files. |
| WHATSAPP_CREATE_TEMPLATES | Should contentrepo submit templates to WhatsApp for creation. True/False |
| WHATSAPP_API_URL | WhatsApp API URL |
| WHATSAPP_ACCESS_TOKEN | WhatsApp API Token |
| FB_BUSINESS_ID | Business ID for Meta business manager |

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
